hello
i was thinking of a a bad word like
we're back
[Music]
i feel like i should wear this
sweatshirt because my shirt is black
dude everyone welcome back to my channel
i missed my straw i was like okay let's
get started
she's a little bit are you done
preparing
oh yeah i'm ready let's go hey guys
welcome back to my channel my name is
riley for new
and today i'm doing a roommate q a
with my roommates so everybody introduce
yourself tell us your name
my name is southern now my name is
my name is lindsay i'm izzy and i'm
ashley
just as a little bit of context in the
lofts of southern virginia
we have four people in each dorm room so
all of us share
one room so how did y'all meet each
other me and lindsay are friends from
back home we're from utah and i reached
out to riley through dm
and said hey if you need a roommate i'm
here
and lindsay like me and lindsay's
roommate and then izzy
kind of just showed up
no my advisor put me in the room with
y'all
is he regretting her decision i didn't
get to tell him
what are the things you love about each
other
that's gonna be hard to say yeah lindsay
lindsay's very bubbly riley has good
advice
ashley also has very good advice okay
next well i
love
riley is very caring she cares
[Music]
ashley is also very scary
but then
izzy makes me laugh is that the best you
can come up with
you're very talented izzy i love you're
just like
you're real you just tell it how it is
and ashley you are also very talented
drawing skills you give great advice
starts crying
izzy makes everyone laugh you make light
of every situation lindsay
lindsay is always there to support
everyone riley
she is probably one of the most
understanding people that i've met like
every person that i've seen you interact
with you're always like
really kind next night worst date
experience question mark well i've only
been on
let me think one two three four
i think i went on four shut up let's get
that question out of the way that i saw
who has the most dates riley she has a
boyfriend
yeah i have pose i do she has hoes i
need to meet more people yeah what was
the question again we're state
experienced
well i win because excuse me i went on a
blind date
we went on a hike i remember walking up
but i don't remember coming back
i remember waking up in an ambulance
short story she passed out on the hike
with people she didn't know
yeah you tell us yours he asked me to
clean his bedroom for him
and then he also asked if he could
holster me up on his shoulder
so i could see if there was a mouse on
top
i didn't hear that part of it and then
we watched you're like interesting
college boys are no different than high
school boys everyone
at least the people that we've met
they're out there so yeah they're out
there they're
not not living in the lobby not living
in the woods we love you all whoever's
watching this
yeah but well but if we're
that one kid her boyfriend
ask ashlynn to make public account
sorry
riley's been up longer than yeah that's
true
for a hot second there you were staying
on below yeah they have
yeah riley's over there like
each of our majors so i'm planning on
being a psychology major
and then maybe getting a master's in
clinical psychology
let's just say business and biochem
well it's a long story my major is
undecided i was going to major in dance
but they don't have that at sb
and i'm a business major who is the most
boy crazy
[Laughter]
i think honestly i would have said me
back in high school i would have said
you now too can i say the word
i don't think i don't okay you can and i
can just bleep it out
riley is very
there's like the level of and riley's
here
and the rest of us are somewhere nothing
i'm not
us three would all love to have a
boyfriend yes
but i think we're all equally boy crazy
at the moment
i can agree with that same that's not
yeah
number one priority right yeah and we
won't just like go out with anyone and
do whatever with that
we all want a man and that's
i just had it and with like our
religious background for all of us we
all have the same mindset when it comes
to
dating who's the messiest oh who's the
messiest
actually everyone except for ashley yeah
we're like actually
i clean the bathroom and the kitchen and
the sink
almost every week but that's just
because i like doing it
so it's just like dirty your guys aside
is the clean
put together
go watch the room tour if you want to
know where we're what when
yeah how things are set up do you guys
get into arguments over your dorm
situation we've never even had an
argument i think we did a good job at
the beginning
of living together just saying like okay
what they ask you how you are you just
have to say that you're fine when you're
not really fine but you just can't get
into it because
yeah like we respect each other's yeah
and we just tell each other
straight too very true like we're just
like we just tell each other to shut up
it's very true have you seen each other
naked
one time i accidentally opened the door
in the bathroom i haven't seen any of
you naked i've only seen like
you see my yeah i didn't see your
you saw my how's the quality of boys
compared to what you were expecting
um so the quality of boys here they're
all great they're all amazing
all the guys that we're surrounded by
yeah in the lofts like
most of them and so which means there
are plenty of boys here that i've seen
that i'd be like
okay yeah like it's hard with covent if
they had
a lot of activities where people who
lived off campus that were
older upperclassmen and they came to
those activities and then we were there
and could get to know them like that's
what we're missing
like those older boys you know what's
your future
plans to get married
okay back to the boy crazy question like
within the next
five years i plan on being married
possibly with a child
a kid i would love for that to happen
but my future plans
is just getting my degree that's my
priority for me
i just had a very spiritual experience
recently
actually anyways
i decided i'm going to probably focus on
black health hair care
and things like that beauty and my own
practice and also i want to get married
and have
little mixed babies next i want to be a
choreographer
and like a dance teacher dance coach
that'd be so fun
who's the most romantic one
i love cuddling okay like but she's a
very touchy person
she will be a great girlfriend ends up
being her boyfriend
i'd like to think excuse me
do you use each other's tampons no no
no no i use a diva cup now so do i so
i've tried it except i haven't had a
period since i got to college
so i haven't needed to use it so ryan's
pregnant
totally kidding some of us have tried to
do the cup but yes we borrow each
other's stuff we just ask
not me the cups
sorry what were your first impressions
of each other
so very happy today that i cried all day
when i first met you i'm like
i think we'll get along really well
ashley went up to each other and gave
each other a hug and we just seemed like
so
like we already knew down to
a little bit my first impression of
riley i watched the all-nighter vlog
and i was like we'd be we'd be good
friends and it's just same thing like
when we met in person me and lindsay met
my senior year during our girls tennis
season she was the team manager she was
really sweet and really nice
and then izzy i liked her sassy daddy's
straight up yeah
ashley was really cool she was really
down to earth lindsay
she seemed very uptight
i was like what i am lindsay and riley
seemed very
closed off but here we go yeah yeah
it did take a while for all of us to
warm up to each other to be able to like
talk and be open well my first
impression
of riley we talked on the phone for like
three years
then when i met her i felt like i
already knew her i could just tell we
would be good friends
ashley i was so intimidated by actually
i remember we were going to the tennis
retreat and she sat in the front seat
and i was driving and i was like oh gosh
i went really i was so scared that's
where we like clicked
so i'm like 5 10 and a half on a good
day
and then everyone else is like we're all
like five five
so i'm a little bit of a giant and i met
izzy
i was kind of nervous because all i knew
about you was that you were from
mississippi that's true
that's all y'all who is the mom in the
dorm i have my bed on ashley
actually i would choose ashley yeah i
would really
yeah actually you have like people
learning something i'm like
i did see a question that asked if we're
all the same religion and we are we're
all members of the church of jesus
christ of latter-day saints
so that's really awesome that we all
share that in common click the link in
the description if you want to learn
more about
it have any of you have a successful
date you met on the lds dating app
no well i downloaded mutual just as a
joke i just downloaded it while i was
here
if i were to get it in utah there's so
many more options because of
the population of lds people but here
it's a very small group of people
and so if you see them on mutual you're
gonna see them on campus
i had one experience where i ended up
going over
and hanging out with a guy and he
basically just ghosted me
he was maybe a little bit shorter than
me anyways if you're watching this video
hi
you're really nice just maybe say hi my
mutual dating experience was the same
guy that asked me to clean his room
do you secretly hate each other
could say something that annoys like
that is a question
yeah let's do that okay ashley you can
go first okay for izzy
it'd probably be the amount of hair you
leave on
it's just like the little pieces of hair
that start accumulating and then lindsay
oh no it's the messy desk for me or in
the mornings you go ashley
turn off your alarm it goes off for two
seconds and she's like ashley
i'm a very light sleepy
she's very loud in the mornings really
yeah
you wake up and you're like slam your
drawer i do for how
[Music]
like you're walking back to the bathroom
in the morning you're like
i always know when it's you walking
you're in the bathroom and you're like
bam
i'm like what is she gonna say yeah i
was like whoa well i know you said it's
two seconds but i swear it's longer
i would say the same thing exactly
and we're all sleeping and you're still
up and then your tick tock
your screen is like
down all the way you do little laughs so
like you don't be silent and then you
just hear izzy
lindsay doesn't do anything she's got a
concussion and that's annoying
because we have to keep all the lights
off riley doesn't do anything
because the whole stomping thing i sleep
through that
when she's on her period she's a lot to
deal with
it's the saying
i feel like you're pretty put together
you'd like to sleep
i like my sleep you are contest right
now yeah
i definitely before that yeah all right
so the lighting's getting crazy now and
i feel like we've
all sufficiently we need to pee yeah so
we're gonna end the video
here i hope you guys enjoyed this video
thank you guys for being
[Music]
what we almost did the same thing i mean
what i just like saw
so yeah thanks for being in the video
guys i'll leave all of their instagram
handles in the description you can go
follow them make sure to follow me as
well
stay tuned for next week's video i love
you guys so much thanks for watching
and we'll see you next week bye
adios see you later